# Workshop for auto-tuning
## Objectives
- Raise interest in the product and register for the alpha release contact list

## Setup
4 workshops.
- Location: next to C00059
- Flight Location C00060

Each workshop has:
- Up to four groups with up to two candidates per group.
- Three mentors.

## Workflow
- Awarness and overview of the process:
    - Register on DroneLeaf portal. Approval for newsletter.
    - Each group get access to the guide online on DroneLeaf portal.

- Each group get access to the components shelves. Shelves has pre-assembled avionics, parts, and RTF drones.
- Each group assembles their drone in accordance with the guide.
- Add UAV Instance and type to the portal based on assembeled drone.
- Groups will mobilize sequentially to the flight area.
- Pre-flight checks would be performed with mentorship.
- Users select a predifined trajectory from a list.
- FSAC is initiated.

## Pre-event testing plan
- Oussama as a tester first. 
- Other non-experienced users

## Action items
- Test all UAVs and components that would be used.
- Quick swap battery and payload testing.
- Color coding all motors and ESCs.
- RC kill switch settings with PX4/RC configuration.
- Unified rigid body settings.
- 4 laptops
- DroneLeaf stickers for laptops.
- Souvenirs 
- Symmetry check.
- Weight check.
- Test reports printable.
- Linearization of motor thrust. Single parameter is preferred.

## Risks
- Color coding escs with motors
- Propeller direction from diagrams
- Pre-flight checks:
    - Communication with MoCap
    - Communication with PX4
    - Motors are running with idling
    - Battery voltage
    - Instance and type