# Plan for 10 Nov 2024 Week
When done date: 17 Nov.
## AG:

- Workshop for the new development and releasing workflow.
- QGC setup properly integrated with FC and PX4 flight stack.


** When done we have:**
- DroneLeafers use the new releasing workflow for everyday development.
- DroneLeafers fly with QGC without MC. Covers both main QGC and SIYI QGC. QGC holds DroneLeaf branding and common QGC configurations.

## AH:
- Local dynamodb server and manager.
- Cloud to local bidirectional sync.
- Install, run and manage apps and dbs on target via hear-cli.
- Update HEAR_Configurations to cloud db migration scripts.

** When done we have:**
- DroneLeafers can fly a drone with the local DynamoDB.
- DroneLeafers can modify data on target and sync to cloud.

## SY:
- Manage DNN-MRFT source on a repo.
- Mechanize tuning reporting and archiving.
- Run DNN-MRFT in real-time using ROS.

** When done we have:**
- DroneLeafers can run fsac on a custom drone with online real-time tuning.
- DroneLeafers have a standard way to report flight logs and get their drones tuned.

## MN:
- Fly with RTK and differential RTK in the presence of degraded compass measurements.
- Have RTK correction messages delivered over WiFi to avoid redundant links.
- Practice run the workshop with four drones (finalize SOP).
- Practice run the demo for visitors including the presentation (finalize SOP).

** When done we have:**
- Drones that fly with RTK and diff-RTK over wifi transmission.
- Be one-day notice always-ready workshops and demos.

## MC:
- Over VPN drone operations.
- Develop and test the trial-and-error-free updated tuning workflow.
- Conclude inspection drone PoC.
- Conclude triple redundant FC PoC.
- Test payload drop for DFL drone.

** When done we have:**
- DroneLeafers would have the chance to fly a drone over the internet. The solution must be client ready.
- Inspection drone doing inspection and tuned without the need for a pilot visit.
- DFL visit portfolio completed.