The plan for 24-Nov (due 8-Dec):

## Existing Clients Status
- DFL: Missing is GPS flight. Analysis. Triple redundant drone.
- ENEC: What we have + the must have reportings + slight upgrade to SIYI camera by Dec2024. Nice to have for Jan2025. Inspection drone by Nov2024.
- TriCopter: Coming Tuesday.

## Team tasks
SY:
Tasks
1) Integrate Python tuner service to the FC.
2) Test and validate the online MRFT.
3) Deliver online MRFT.
4) Implement MRFT enable/disable flag publisher to fully automate offline MRFT. MC: suggest we introduce async signals logger.
5) Deliver offline MRFT.
6) Make sure flight logging procedure is followed by the team.

Definition of done:
DroneLeafers can tune the workshop drone with FSAC in real-time.
DroneLeafers can use the offline tuner in MATLAB with a clear guide.

MN:
Tasks:
1- Updating all the drones to the new FC and configurations
2- Updating all the laptops to the latest MC and repos
3- Successfully test fly the new FC Indoors. (At least 5 successful flights on 3 different drones).
4- Test GPS connection and outdoor flight feasibility in main campus (Today 18th Nov).
5- Identify and fix source of drifting coming from the sensor suite on the outdoor drone.
6- Manual MRFT outdoor test using latest software (FC, MC, Configurations, Etc...)

Definition of done:
1- All workshop drones are ready for immediate testing.
2- Have more than two hours of consecutive successful GPS flights.

AG:
Implementing QGCLogger for HEAR_FC.
Integrate QGC with FC .
Add FC specific info in the QGC after deciding what are these info.
Add QGC buttons for in-flight MRFT on/off switching. Effectively replacing "standard_mrft" MC.
Add QGC buttons for figure-8 and circle trajectories.
Implement the sequence logic for FSAC we did in the workshop.
Add auto-start at boot-time feature for the FC and the mavlink router (and everything else necessary to avoid ssh into the drone)
Definition of Done:
-> Service team performs the workshop with QGC, no terminal involved. This includes pre-flight checks.
-> We fly for DFL using QGC.
MC:
Tasks:
1- Deliver the full experience of the RC VPN Drone.
2- Check the triple redundant drone.
3- Finish and test the inspection drone.
4- Deliver DFL to the client with live demo.
5- Train or plan training the tri-copter team

Definition of done:
DroneLeafers have a video of inspection drone in operation.
DFL and RC VPN delivered. DroneLeafers can play with it!

AA:
Tasks:
1- Fly and Hover DFL Drone in GPS. (edited)